= Twofactor

A gem to integrate your Rails app with Google 2Factor-authenticator mobile apps.

	This gem could be used for making your rails application's signup/login 2Factor compliant. Twofactor lets you customize the way you want the whole 2Step verification to be working. Unlike other 2-step auth gems out there, Twofactor does not really require devise! Instead, it creates an endpoint at your command and operates from there.
    
    All you have to do is to make your user register for 2Factor using that endpoint. Get a 2Factor code from him each time he logs in & call the gem's validator to check if the code is valid.

= Getting Started

	1. Add the following to your application's Gemfile.

		gem 'twofactor'

	2. Do this :

		bundle install

	3. Install twofactor gem.

		rails generate twofactor:install <Model> <ReferenceField> <TemplateType> <ControllerName> <TableName>

	4. Run migrate :

		rake db:migrate

= Install Generator arguments

	Twofactor's install generator accepts five arguments of which the first 3 are mandatory:

	1. <Model> - The name of the model to which 2-Step auth should be given.

	2. <ReferenceField> - Reference field that needs to be used(This field will appear in the client's Google Authenticator app. Defaults to 'email')

	3. <TemplateType> - Templating language to use for twofactor_register endpoint's default page (takes one of erb / haml / slim)

	4. <ControllerName> - Controller that needs to be configured with TwoFactor actions( Defaults to Controller with <Model> pluralized )

	5. <TableName> - Table name corresponding to the model. ( Defaults to Rails's choice of <Model>. )
